Ahhhhh!
Whew!
Let’s do this…!
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
So~! Like,
Everyone
Did you watch my collab with The Anime Man--?
Well, like
It’s like, lots of stuff happened
We had a face-off
And I kind of lost, so
My penalty game video
Has been prepared~!
As for what I’m going to do
I’m going to study kanji--!
Okay
And with that
I want to hurry and get this over with
So without delay, let’s study some kanji!!
A.I.Channel~!
Man~ now that you mention it
Kanji is really tough, huh
Well, even for a genius A.I like me?
It takes a lot of effort to remember them!
There are a lot of really similar kanji
Like “difficult” and “happiness”
[TL Note: Referring to the similarity between “辛” and “幸”]
Don’t they look a lot alike?
Only one line
Gets added!
Huh?
Only one line...
Ah...
I see
Between “difficult” and “happiness”
There’s only one line that’s different...
So...
Okay everyone
Are you listening?
The difference between
The character for “difficult” and the character for “happiness”
Is just a single line
No matter how difficult a situation is
If you don’t give up and just take a step forward
You will pass over the boundary line
And times of happiness will come to you
Adversity truly is the spice of life
In order to continue your growth as a person
Let’s take one step forward!
Cross over the line
You see before your eyes!!
Okay
Moving on
Here we have the kanji for “busy”
Do you know what meaning its form holds?
Listen up
On the left is the “risshinben” radical
In other words, “heart”!
And then
On the right side is “to pass away”
In other words
To be busy is to lose your heart
Everyone
When you’re in public, don’t you go “I’m so busy” “I’m so busy”
Without thinking?
I know I do
But
At those times, you’re losing heart
And you make careless mistakes
You make trouble for everyone around you
Before it gets to that
Stop for a minute
Take a deep breath
And think about what really matters
That’s what’s important!
So here we have the kanji for “love”
Just like your love for me!
[TL Note: A pun on “love” (“ai”) being pronounced the same as her name]
The character for “love”
Is written “accepting the heart”
That’s love
Everyone, do you have someone you’re fond of?
Someone you love?
With those people
You don’t force your feelings on them, do you?
That’s no good
If you force your tenderness and favor on your partner
And demand that they give you something in return
That’s not love
Love is first and foremost
About accepting your partner’s feelings
First off
If someone is truly important to you
You need to accept their heart as it is
That’s where love begins
I want you all to not forget that
Okay!
And with that
Anime Man-san!
Just like I was told
The kanji test??
A studying kanji video
Is what I’ve made!
And with that you’re satisfied, right?
Of course you’re satisfied!
Right!?
As for me?
At this rate, I’m getting better at remembering kanji, so!
Next time definitely!
Not just Anime Man-san!
Against anyone!
I won’t lose!
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by aerophage
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait